[Applause]
you've been here no way now it's been a
year right yeah almost a year yes you
feel like you're at home do you feel
like you're a part of the community I
feel I'm settling in you're settling in
did you buy a house here no we are
renting a how you're renting Randy yes
should that be a message to us that
you're not gonna stay very long man
let's see let's see it would be do you
have any furniture
I have furnitures okay okay yeah the
story is when we rented the house or
looking I said to my wife listen get a
house with furnitures because yeah I
don't go out there and following you to
get the furnitures and she was like I
found a nice house but has no furnitures
and I'm like but then you go to ek and
you get the furnitures and then the
broker goes like rich people they don't
they don't buy furnitures any care no
but intelligent people do okay I didn't
even know that that was the right way to
pronounce it I assume you know it's ek
uh-huh yeah we always say IKEA does that
drive you crazy I was repeating your
word Oh it sikheya it's a can yeah oh
they must have been thrilled that he
Kate did you assemble the stuff yourself
no no my wife is good at this she's good
with that's right she has a good what
was your bet with David Beckham David
Beckham of course played for the galaxy
he was the previous big star to come
over here and play for the galaxy and
then you showed up you guys had a bet on
the World Cup right we made a bet that
World Cup so Sweden is playing against
the England and I said if Sweden beats
England I go to Ikea and I buy whatever
I want but you pay for it
mm-hmm and he goes okay but if England
win you come to you come to Wembley
Stadium in England and you watch a game
in the England shirt and eat fish and
chips and I was like okay but I lost the
bet you lost man but you have not bring
this reiden team they have to follow me
now and was the game and eat fish you
are going you're gonna make good on the
bet I will you will do it when will you
do it do you know as soon as I have time
so there's no time they're not at the
moment no yeah all right so last year
we'll the galaxy missed the playoffs
last year how do you feel about this
season you feel better about the team I
feel good I mean we have new coach some
new players I feel I'm here from day one
last season I came after after one month
I think and feel ready I've done the
preparation you see I saw that you
scored your 500th career goal yes and
can we play that bit you show that
videotape because this is a 500 goals a
human body is not supposed to go that
way
here we go again it was that just reflex
or did you want to make sure number 500
was special I wanted to make a special
that's something in just thought when
you score a goal like that you go crazy
you get a lot of adrenaline I wouldn't
know yeah but we were losing the game
3-0 an escort that goes so if that would
be the leading goal I would leave the
stadium oh you just score a goal like
that you just you have nothing to prove
it if you're the captain of the team now
yes what are the responsibilities of the
captain do you have to bring like orange
slices practice not really I have to
keep an eye on all the players because
I'm the oldest once you do yeah I feel a
lot of responsibility I feel honored to
be the captain and I feel like a boss oh
so you're 37 right yes yeah you've got a
16 year old teammate yes
that's crazy it is he's from Mexico I'm
double up from him can you I mean even
imagine playing in LA on the galaxy at
that age is it a good idea do you think
for him or for me forever neither one of
you know it feels good I mean taking him
under your wing yeah yeah he's a good
guy jack is the best 16 year old in the
MLS and he has a great future great
potential so I feel I'm like a father
for him so if he asked you to buy him
beer would you
to him no no that's not for him no do
you know okay all right so you really
are a father figure to hell yeah I'm
being an example in the the way I think
I should be you're here in LA do you
have like aspiration to do movies or
television or anything like this after
your your career is done I'm a little
bit curious how the world looks like in
that on that side and yeah I'm in the
right place so let's see what happens I
think he'd be a good like Bond villain
would it be a good thing for you I think
villain good guy can you say ever a hero
thing no you cannot because I was
thinking maybe like if there's a sequel
to a star is born you could sing I need
to be the action guy you want to be an
action guy come from buildings and all
these crazy things kick people in the
head yeah that's like they just like the
goal you have two sons right yes how old
are the boys 11 and 12 and I assume they
play soccer or as football soccer and
the cuando oh really yeah oh so they're
doing those kind of kicks - yeah yeah
are they are they impressed because it
will they play soccer are they impressed
that their dad is one of the greatest
players of all time is that they're not
at all absolutely not really so we're
not try to help them and there they go
papa
we know to do better than you so oh they
do so it became like a conference now in
the families competition who is their
best and you're the best right I mean
you could kill those guys according to
me yes but if you ask them they're the
best
do they ever beat you like if you are
you know in goal or whatever and what
are they ever able to sit more on you
their skillful their skillful yeah and
they will become professionals you think
you hope no I mean I don't force them to
you have to yeah I forced him to be
active and trained to get the
self-discipline like whatever they want
to be they become but I believe in
training one individual one collective
so I don't like lazy people I want them
to be active and also what I try to do
put in them yeah right well that's it
like on ibrahimovic everybody thank you
for being here the galaxy in the fire
place Saturday and if you liked that
video click Subscribe and we'll be
together until one of us dies